adr245: better define for transform updates (#261)
decentraland/adr: content/ADR-245-player-components.md

- Reserving Entities: Entities numbered 32 to 256 will be reserved for storing player data components. This reservation ensures that sufficient entities are available to accommodate player data. When a player disconnects from the room, the entity MUST be deleted, and a new generation for the entity number will be used. This ensures a session of up to 14.680.064 unique players.
- Player Data Components: A new set of player data components will be introduced, containing essential information about the player, such as position(Transform), wearables, identity, base avatar properties, and emote commands. 
- Scene Inclusion: Every scene in SDK7 MUST receive player data components. This inclusion ensures that each scene has access to real-time player data, which is vital for smooth interactions and gameplay experiences.

> - Transform Updates: active parcel scenes (the one where each player is) and global scenes MUST receive real-time players' `Transform` updates. Non-active parcel scenes MAY have no `Transform` of the player outside of them. Exception: the primary player transform MUST be in all scenes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transform Updates: active parcel scenes (the one where each player is) and global scenes MUST receive real-time players `Transform` updates. Non-active parcel scenes MAY have no `Transform` of the player outside of them. Exception: the primary player `Transform` MUST be present in all scenes.
```
